README.md, before:

## What ##

Use the awesome [Handlebars.js](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js)
both server- and client-side.

## Why ##

DRY. That's why.

## How ##

First, grab the copy of handlebars you are using and copy it into
`vendor/javascripts/handlebars.js`. If you want, you can symlink
it from your `public` directory.

In `app/controllers/blogs_controller.rb`:

    BlogsController
      def show
        @blog = Blog.find(params[:id])
      end
    end

In `app/views/blogs/show.html.hbs`:

    <article>
      <header>
        <h1>{{{ blog/title }}}</h1>
      </header>
      {{{ blog/body }}}
      <footer>
        by {{{ link_to blog/author/name blog/author }}}
    </article>

### Usage Gotchas ###

* Template line numbers may not match stack trace line numbers. This
  will be resolved upstream.
* Block helpers do not currently work.

#### HTML-Safety ####

Rails returns HTML-safe strings, but the string-safety information
isn't passed into Handlebars, so Handlebars re-escapes the content.
To get around this, use the triple-stash (`{{{ ... }}}`) when
using a Rails helper.
See [issue 2](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/2).

#### Rails Helpers ####

Rails helpers obviously do not exist in the client-side JS context.
This means that if you use `{{{ link_to ... }}}`, it can only be run server-side.
The solution is to implement a minimal `link_to` in the client-side.
See [issue 4](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/4)
and [issue 5](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/5).

## Credits ##

Yehuda Katz did all the heavy lifting to get this off the ground,
both in terms of writing
[Handlebars.js](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js) and the
template handler here.
Additional huge props to Charles Lowell for
[therubyracer](https://github.com/cowboyd/therubyracer),
a *sine qua non* for this project.

Commit message:

Getting handlebars added to README

README.md, after:

## What ##

Use the awesome [Handlebars.js](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js)
both server- and client-side.

## Why ##

DRY. That's why.

## Getting Handlebars ##

The easiest way to get a current distribution of handlebars is to
download it from https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/downloads.

## How ##

First, grab the copy of handlebars you are using and copy it into
`vendor/javascripts/handlebars.js`. If you want, you can symlink
it from your `public` directory.

In `app/controllers/blogs_controller.rb`:

    BlogsController
      def show
        @blog = Blog.find(params[:id])
      end
    end

In `app/views/blogs/show.html.hbs`:

    <article>
      <header>
        <h1>{{{ blog/title }}}</h1>
      </header>
      {{{ blog/body }}}
      <footer>
        by {{{ link_to blog/author/name blog/author }}}
    </article>

### Usage Gotchas ###

* Template line numbers may not match stack trace line numbers. This
  will be resolved upstream.
* Block helpers do not currently work.

#### HTML-Safety ####

Rails returns HTML-safe strings, but the string-safety information
isn't passed into Handlebars, so Handlebars re-escapes the content.
To get around this, use the triple-stash (`{{{ ... }}}`) when
using a Rails helper.
See [issue 2](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/2).

#### Rails Helpers ####

Rails helpers obviously do not exist in the client-side JS context.
This means that if you use `{{{ link_to ... }}}`, it can only be run server-side.
The solution is to implement a minimal `link_to` in the client-side.
See [issue 4](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/4)
and [issue 5](https://github.com/jamesarosen/handlebars-rails/issues/#issue/5).

## Credits ##

Yehuda Katz did all the heavy lifting to get this off the ground,
both in terms of writing
[Handlebars.js](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js) and the
template handler here.
Additional huge props to Charles Lowell for
[therubyracer](https://github.com/cowboyd/therubyracer),
a *sine qua non* for this project.
